VeWorld - User guide step2 (#67)
vechain/vechain-docs: core-concepts/wallets/veworld/user-guide/settings.md

---
description: How to customize your wallet
layout:
  title:
    visible: true
  description:
    visible: true
  tableOfContents:
    visible: true
  outline:
    visible: true
  pagination:
    visible: true
---

# Settings

{% tabs %}

{% tab title="Mobile" %} 

## General

**Conversion Currency**

> You can choose amongst the supported FIAT currencies (EUR, USD)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose among the supported FIAT currencies (EUR, USD)
```

**Theme**

> You can choose dark or light theme, or to follow your system configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can anytime switch between the dark or light theme, or just use your device settings.
```

**Reset**

You can hard reset your wallet, and clear all your local data.

> This action cannot be reverted.

Reviewer: I would add a disclaimer here, it must be clear that the action can incur in a loss of money

Author: Done! @victhorbi

## Transaction

**Default delegation**

You can select the default delegation for your transactions.

**Delegations URLs**

You can create a shortlist of delegation urls you could choose easily from.

## Networks

**Select**

You can choose between Mainnet or Testnet.

> You could also add a custome node for developing purposes.

Reviewer: typo "custome", but I would also let the user decide the purpose of this.
```suggestion
You could also use a custom node.
```

## Contacts

You can manage a list of favourite contacts, to make the trasaction creation process easier.

## Security and Privacy

**Security Method**

> You can choose your favourite security method.

Reviewer: typo 
```suggestion
You can choose your favorite security method.
```

> Downgrade the level of security is not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Downgrading the level of security is not allowed.
```

**Backup mnemonic**

> You can export a local wallet, by typing your password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can export a local wallet; your password will be required.
```

## Connected Applications**

You can see and manage the list of DApps you interacted with.

## About VeWorld

Here you can see:
- the release number of your current version.
- the Official Website
- the privacy policy
- the help platform

{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Browser Extension" %}

## General

**Conversion Currency**

> You can choose amongst the supported FIAT currencies (EUR, USD)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose among the supported FIAT currencies (EUR, USD)
```

**Hide tokens without balance**

> If a selected token has no balance, it won't get displayed on the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your balance of a selected token is zero, it won't get it displayed on the dashboard.
```

**Enable DEV mode**

> You will be able to execute transactions even when warnings would block you from doing so. A failing reason will be shown after the transaction fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can execute transactions even when warnings would block you from doing so. A failing reason will be shown after the transaction fails.
```

**Theme**

> You can choose dark or light theme, or to follow your system configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can anytime switch between the dark or light theme, or just use your device settings.
```

**State Logs**

State logs contain your public account addresses and sent transactions.

> You can download log file for diagnosis purposes

Reviewer: Missing full stop 
```suggestion
You can download log file for diagnosis purposes.
```

**Reset**

You can hard reset your wallet, and clear all your local data.
This action cannot be reverted.

> 

Reviewer: As before, here you need a disclaimer informing of loss of funds.

## Transaction

**Default delegation**

You can select the default delegation for your transactions.

**Delegations URLs**

You can create a shortlist of delegation urls you could choose easily from.

## Networks

**Select**

You can choose between Mainnet or Testnet.

> You could also add a custome node for developing purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You could also use a custom node.
```

**Indicators**

Display an indicator when transacting on another network

**Conversion**

Show fiat exchange rates when on other networks

## Contacts

You can manage a list of favourite contacts, to make the trasaction creation process easier.

## Security and Privacy

**Password authorisation for transactions**

Require the extension password when performing transactions with local wallets

**Change Password**

You can change your local password

**Backup mnemonic**

> You can export a local wallet, by typing your password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can export a local wallet; your password will be required.
```
